Update PropertyValueConverter examples to Umbraco 15+ (#7337)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/customizing/property-editors/property-value-converters.md

Author: They are EXACTLY the same, so yeah, they apply to both V15 and V16 ;)

```csharp
public class ContentPickerValueConverter : IPropertyValueConverter
```

{% hint style="info" %}
Consider using the `PropertyValueConverterBase` class as the base of your Property Value Converter instead of the `IPropertyValueConverter` interface. The `PropertyValueConverterBase` class comes with a default implementation of `IPropertyValueConverter`, so you only have to override the methods you need to change. In contrast, if you use the `IPropertyValueConverter`, you are responsible for implementing all methods yourself. In this document, it is assumed that you are using the `IPropertyValueConverter`, so methods are covered.
{% endhint %}

The `IPropertyValueConverter` interface exposes the following methods you need to implement:

## Implement information methods
Implement the following methods, which provide Umbraco with context about the Property Value Converter.

> ### IsConverter(IPublishedPropertyType propertyType)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `IsConverter(IPublishedPropertyType propertyType)`
```

This method is called for each PublishedPropertyType (Document Type Property) at Umbraco startup. By returning `true`, your value converter will be registered for that property type. Umbraco then executes your conversion methods whenever that value is requested.

> Example: Checking if the IPublishedPropertyType EditorAlias property is equal to the alias of the core content editor.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: Checking if the `IPublishedPropertyType.EditorAlias` property is equal to the alias of the core content editor.\
```

{% endhint %}

The `IPropertyValueConverter` interface exposes the following methods you need to implement:

## Implement information methods
Implement the following methods, which provide Umbraco with context about the Property Value Converter.

### `IsConverter(IPublishedPropertyType propertyType)`

This method is called for each `PublishedPropertyType` (Document Type Property) at Umbraco startup. By returning `true`, your value converter will be registered for that property type. Umbraco then executes your conversion methods whenever that value is requested.

Example: Checking if the `IPublishedPropertyType.EditorAlias` property is equal to the alias of the core content editor.\

> This check is a string comparison but we recommend creating a constant for it to avoid spelling errors:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This check is a string comparison, but creating a constant is recommended to avoid spelling errors:
```

```

### IsValue(object value, PropertyValueLevel level)

> The IsValue method determines whether a property contains a meaningful value or should be considered "empty" at different stages of the value conversion process. This method is essential for Umbraco's property.HasValue() method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IsValue` method determines whether a property contains a meaningful value or should be considered "empty" at different stages of the value conversion process. This method is essential for Umbraco's `property.HasValue()` method.
```

    }
}

//If the value is numeric, it's usually not enough to check if the raw string value is null
//or empty, but also to check if the value is a valid int and if it doesn't contain the default value
public bool? IsValue(object? value, PropertyValueLevel level)
{
    switch (level)
    {
        case PropertyValueLevel.Source:
            return null;
        case PropertyValueLevel.Inter:
            return value is int intValue && intValue > 0;
        case PropertyValueLevel.Object:
            return null;
        default:
            throw new NotSupportedException($"Invalid level: {level}.");
    }
}

//If the value is a complex object, you can consider checking
//the object level
public bool? IsValue(object? value, PropertyValueLevel level)
{
        switch (level)
    {
        case PropertyValueLevel.Source:
            return null;
        case PropertyValueLevel.Inter:
            return null;
        case PropertyValueLevel.Object:
            return value is ComplexObject objectValue && objectValue.SomeProperty == "value";
        default:
            throw new NotSupportedException($"Invalid level: {level}.");
    }
}
```

> ### GetPropertyValueType(IPublishedPropertyType propertyType)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `GetPropertyValueType(IPublishedPropertyType propertyType)`
```

> 

Reviewer: GitHub won't let me add a suggestion here, but for consistency, I would suggest:

1. Format the heading as code.
2. Omit the return value, as it's not included in any other heading.

That is - I suggest it should be: 

```md
### `GetPropertyCacheLevel(IPublishedPropertyType propertyType)`
```

Here you specify which level the property value is cached at.

> A property value can be cached at the following levels. This is the most commonly used cache level and should be your default, unless you have specific reasons to do otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A property value can be cached at the following levels.
```

* For properties used at the page level, the element is the entire page.
* For properties contained within Block List items, the element is the individual Block List item.

> This is the most commonly used cache level and should be your default, unless you have specific reasons to do otherwise.

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this was removed from here and inserted above. I think it does belong here (see also my other comment above).

}
```

## Implement conversion methods
Implement the methods that perform the conversion from a raw database value to an intermediate value and then to the final type. Conversions happen in two steps.

### ConvertSourceToIntermediate(IPublishedElement owner, IPublishedPropertyType propertyType, object source, bool preview)

> This method converts the raw data value into an appropriate intermediate type that is needed for the final conversion step to an object. For example, a Content Picker saves the node identifier as a `string`. To return `IPublishedContent`, the final conversion step needs a `Udi` instead. So in the intermediate step, check if the string value is a valid `Udi` and convert the string to a `Udi` as the intermediate value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method converts the raw data value into an appropriate intermediate type that is needed for the final conversion step to an object.

For example:
- A basic text property likely just stores its data as a `string`, so that can be converted to a `string` intermediate value.
- A Content Picker stores the node identifier (`Udi`) as a `string`. To return `IPublishedContent`, the final conversion step needs a `Udi` instead. So in the intermediate step, check if the `string` value is a valid `Udi` and convert the `string` to a `Udi` as the intermediate value.
```

> Include `using Umbraco.Extensions` to be able to use the `TryConvertTo` extension method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would remove this. It removes focus from the essentials, and any proper IDE will automatically suggest the `using`.

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps split these examples into two code blocks for clarity?

Also I suggest using the `ConvertSourceToIntermediate` implementation from the full sample here... so something along these lines:

```csharp
// Basic text property example of intermediate conversion
public object ConvertSourceToIntermediate(IPublishedElement owner, IPublishedPropertyType propertyType, object source, bool preview)
{
    return source as string;
}
```

```csharp
// Content picker property example: Converting the source value (string) to an intermediate value (GuidUdi)
public object? ConvertSourceToIntermediate(IPublishedElement owner, IPublishedPropertyType propertyType, 
	object? source, bool preview)
{
	if (source is not string { Length: > 0 } stringValue)
		return null;
		
	return UdiParser.TryParse(stringValue, out GuidUdi? guidUdi) ? guidUdi : null;
}
```

    return null;
}

//For simple property editors, like a textbox, that only store a text string,
//you can just return the raw value since the intermediate and raw values are the same
public object ConvertSourceToIntermediate(IPublishedElement owner, IPublishedPropertyType propertyType, object source, bool preview)
{
    return source as string;
}
```

### ConvertIntermediateToObject(IPublishedElement owner, IPublishedPropertyType propertyType, PropertyCacheLevel referenceCacheLevel, object inter, bool preview)

This method converts the intermediate value to an object of the type specified in the `GetPropertyValueType()` method of the Property Value Converter. The returned value is used by the `GetPropertyValue<T>` method of `IPublishedContent`.

> The example below converts the node ID (converted to `int` or `Udi` by _ConvertSourceToIntermediate_) into an `IPublishedContent` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below converts an intermediate `Udi` value (converted from `string` to `Udi` by `ConvertSourceToIntermediate`) into an `IPublishedContent` object.
```

If we use the implementation from the full sample, this should be updated. Also see below.

```csharp

> // In this example _contentCache is an instance of IPublishedContentCache that is injected

Reviewer: If we use the implementation from the full sample here, replace the code below with this.

```
// Converts the intermediate value (GuidUdi) to the actual object value (IPublishedContent)
public object? ConvertIntermediateToObject(IPublishedElement owner, IPublishedPropertyType propertyType,
	PropertyCacheLevel referenceCacheLevel, object? inter, bool preview)
	=> inter is GuidUdi guidUdi
		? publishedContentCache.GetById(guidUdi.Guid)
		: null;
```
